Align minimum-os-version with platform-checks (#183)
dotnet/designs: accepted/2020/minimum-os-version/minimum-os-version.md

Availability annotations are intended to be used both in third-party assemblies and in assemblies that are part of .NET itself. The most straightforward usage is in binding assemblies, such as the iOS and Android platform bindings, where they directly reflect the availability of the underlying native API. However, they may be used by higher level APIs in platform-specific assemblies (e.g. `net5.0-ios15`) or platform-neutral assemblies (e.g. `net5.0`) to indicate that a method or class implementation depends on APIs from a particular OS version or is unavailable on certain OSes.

Earlier versions of this section proposed a form of these annotation attributes based on the Xamarin.iOS/Xamarin.Mac attributes, but it has been superseded by a further refined and generalized form defined in the [attributes section of the Platform Checks spec](../platform-checks/platform-checks.md#attributes).

> These availability attributes omit the `Deprecated` availability kind from the Xamarin attibutes as it’s redundant, and rename `Introduced` to `Supported` to better reflect their alternate purpose of annotating multi-platform assemblies. They also omit the ability to differentiate availability based on architecture for reduction of scope, thought this could be added if needed in future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These availability attributes omit the `Deprecated` availability kind from the Xamarin attributes as it’s redundant, and rename `Introduced` to `Supported` to better reflect their alternate purpose of annotating multi-platform assemblies. They also omit the ability to differentiate availability based on architecture for reduction of scope, though this could be added if needed in future.
```
